---
layout: post
title: Homework 4
subtitle: T7, T8, T9, A6, A7, TA5, TA6
cover-img: /assets/img/statistics_icon.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/statistics_icon.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/statistics_icon.jpg
tags: [books, test]
---




### T10. 
Explain all possible derivation of the arithmetic mean and in general of the other common types of averages.

In mathematics and statistics, the arithmetic mean, or arithmetic average, is the sum of a collection of numbers divided by the count of numbers in the collection. The collection is often a set of results of an experiment or an observational study, or frequently a set of results from a survey. The term "arithmetic mean" is preferred in some contexts in mathematics and statistics, because it helps distinguish it from other means, such as the "geometric mean" and the "harmonic mean".

In addition to mathematics and statistics, the arithmetic mean is used frequently in many diverse fields such as economics, anthropology and history, and it is used in almost every academic field to some extent.

Given a data set {\displaystyle X=\{x_{1},\ldots ,x_{n}\}}, the arithmetic mean, denoted {\bar {x}} (read x bar), is the mean of the nvalues x_{1},x_{2},\ldots ,x_{n}.

The arithmetic mean is the most commonly used and readily understood measure of central tendency in a data set. In statistics, the term average refers to any of the measures of central tendency. The arithmetic mean of a set of observed data is defined as being equal to the sum of the numerical values of each and every observation, divided by the total number of observations. Symbolically, if we have a data set consisting of the values  a_{1},a_{2},\ldots ,a_{n},  then the arithmetic mean A is defined by the formula:




### T11
Illustrate the difference between "mathematical convergence" and "convergence" in probability



### T12
Illustrate the differences between Descriptive Statistics and Inferential Statistics and the role of probability and probability distributions
Applications (A)


### A8 
Given an arbitrary rectangle and a distribution, create the corresponding histogram or column chart, with both vertical and horizontal orientation
### A9. 
Given a rectangle, enable its movement/resize/zoom using a mouse (this will be the resizable where we will draw alll future charts)
